Why are you still squatting here kicking your legs?
Worried about my wife being kidnapped
Who wants to follow a fast
40-Year-old bald man
I haven't left yet.
What are you doing here?
Don't go out yet
I'll grab 10 for you later.
Yuan
There is good news and bad news
Which one do you want to hear first?
The bad is the bad
We may not be able to continue today.
Are you not feeling well?
Shouldn't you ask what the good news is first?
I have nothing.
Is your body important?
I'm pregnant.
Really?
That's how you convinced my mom
Who doesn't like the eldest grandson?
The Ghost Gate Conference ends this Monday
It's not Xiao Ming anymore
Then go on your honeymoon
The most important thing is still recording the old lady
We can't rush yet